README.md, before:

# OOD-Submission
This is an assignment for the class Object Orientated Design. The assignment is to refactor an application called Jabberpoint.
### Changes made
| Problem                                                             | Purposed change                                                     | Why its a good thing                                                                                   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1. Recursive possession of the SlideViewComponent and presentation  | Take away presentation access to the SlideViewComponent             | Reduces coupling. The presentation was accessing methods in SlideViewComponent that it did not need to |
| 2. Frame was dependant on the presentation and SlideViewComponent   | restructure how frame, slideViewComponent and presentation interact | Better structure, encapsulation                                                                        |
| 3. key and menu controllers having access to presentation and frame | Add manager class and restructure + change around methods etc       | reduces the controller classes access to other classes                                                 |


### Resit changes made
| Problem | Purposed change | Why it's a good thing                                                                                                                                                                               | 
| --------- | --------------- |-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|1. Maintainability - Jabberpoint needs to be aware of **(1)** Viewer component, **(2)** Viewer Frame, **(3)** Manager| Add private fields in Jabberpoint to allow it to see the different components. | Allows testability of individual components seperately from others such as the manager without having the gui being rendered. Reducing redundant code as there is no need for two slide renders etc |

Commit message:

Removed unnecessary text and updated readme
Title

README.md, after:

# OOD-Submission
This is an assignment for the class Object Orientated Design. The assignment is to refactor an application called Jabberpoint.
### Changes made
| Problem                                                             | Purposed change                                                     | Why its a good thing                                                                                   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1. Recursive possession of the SlideViewComponent and presentation  | Take away presentation access to the SlideViewComponent             | Reduces coupling. The presentation was accessing methods in SlideViewComponent that it did not need to |
| 2. Frame was dependant on the presentation and SlideViewComponent   | restructure how frame, slideViewComponent and presentation interact | Better structure, encapsulation                                                                        |
| 3. key and menu controllers having access to presentation and frame | Add manager class and restructure + change around methods etc       | reduces the controller classes access to other classes                                                 |


### Resit changes made
| Problem                                                                                                               | Purposed change                                                                | Why it's a good thing                                                                                                                                                                                | 
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1. Maintainability - Jabberpoint needs to be aware of **(1)** Viewer component, **(2)** Viewer Frame, **(3)** Manager | Add private fields in Jabberpoint to allow it to see the different components. | Allows testability of individual components seperately from others such as the manager without having the gui being rendered. Reducing redundant code as there is no need for two slide renders etc. |
| 2. Functionality - Incorrect text displaying for the current number slide                                             | Remove unnecessary text                                                        | Less confusing to the user. Looks cleaner with less text. Minimises exposure of the code                                                                                                             |
